.TH starttde 1 "Jan 17, 2005"
.SH NAME
starttde \- Starts up the Trinity Desktop Environment 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B starttde
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B starttde
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
The \fBstarttde\fP script starts up the Trinity Desktop Environment and
is typically executed by your login manager (e.g. xdm, gdm, tdm, wdm or from
your X startup scripts). \fBstarttde\fP in turn launches ksmserver, which
will load your last session, or a default session that includes the standard
TDE programs if no saved session is available.

\fBstarttde\fP, with ksmserver, is a standard X11R6 session manager that can manage
any X11R6 SM compliant program.

\fBstarttde\fP and ksmserver use the contents of the ~/.trinity directory
for starting previously saved sessions. Source scripts found in ~/.trinity/env/*.sh
can be used to define environment variables that will be available to all TDE 
programs.

For anything else (that doesn't set env vars, or that needs a window manager),
better use the ~/.trinity/Autostart folder.

At the end of a session, the scripts found in ~/.trinity/shutdown will be executed.


.SH OPTIONS
\fBstarttde\fP takes no command line options.

.SH AUTHOR
\fBstarttde\fP is written by the KDE Project.

This manual page was written by Philipp Grau.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs of this modified Debian version of starttde to the Bug
Tracking System at: http://bugs.debian.org
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Philipp Grau.
