.TH TDEICONEDIT "1" "September 2002" TDE "TDE Application"
.SH NAME
tdeiconedit \- TDE Icon Editor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tdeiconedit
[\fIQt-options\fR] [\fIKDE-options\fR] [\fIfile(s)\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B TDEIconEdit
TDE Application.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.P
.B TDEIconEdit
is designed to help create icons for TDE using the standard
icon palette.  
.PP
TDE Icon Editor
.SH AUTHOR
TDEIconEdit was written by
.nh
Thomas Tanghus <tanghus@kde.org>,
John Califf <jcaliff@compuzone.net>,
Laurent Montel <lmontel@mandrakesoft.com> and
Aaron J. Seigo <aseigo@olympusproject.org>.
.hy
.br
Please use http://bugs.kde.org to report bugs, do not mail the authors directly.
.br
This manual page was prepared by
.nh
Karolina Lindqvist <pgd\-karolinali@algonet.se>
.hy
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
.SS "Generic options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Show help about options
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-qt\fR
Show Qt specific options
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-tde\fR
Show KDE specific options
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-all\fR
Show all options
.TP
\fB\-\-author\fR
Show author information
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Show version information
.TP
\fB\-\-license\fR
Show license information
.TP
\fB\-\-\fR
End of options
.SS "Arguments:"
.TP
file(s)
Icon file(s) to open
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B TDEIconEdit
is maintained as a docbook manual.  If the
.B khelpcenter
program is properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B khelpcenter help:/tdeiconedit
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
.SH AUTHOR
TDEIconEdit was written by
.nh
Thomas Tanghus <tanghus@kde.org>,
John Califf <jcaliff@compuzone.net>,
Laurent Montel <lmontel@mandrakesoft.com>
and Aaron J. Seigo <aseigo@olympusproject.org>.
.hy
.br
Please use http://bugs.kde.org to report bugs, do not mail the authors directly.
.br
This manual page was prepared by
.nh
Karolina Lindqvist <pgd\-karolinali@algonet.se>
.hy
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
