.TH KPERSONALIZER 1
.SH NAME
kpersonalizer - TDE basic settings wizard

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B kpersonalizer [OPTION...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

The TDE Personalizer (KPersonalizer) is a wizard to configure TDE, and should automatically be run the first time a user runs TDE, to allow the user to configure basic TDE settings.
.PP
KPersonalizer allows the user to set locales, desktop behavior, enable accessibility features, and so forth. The options can be changed later by the Trinity Control Center application.

.SH OPTIONS

KPersonalizer accepts the following options:
.PP
.B Help options
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show help about options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-qt
Show Qt specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-tde 
Show TDE specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all 
Show all options.
.TP
.B \-\-author
Show author information.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.B \-\-license 
Show license information. 

.PP
.B Options
.TP
.B \-r 
KPersonalizer is restarted by itself. 
.TP
.B \-\-before-session 
KPersonalizer is started before the TDE session.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B kpersonalizer
Run kpersonalizer to set (or reset) TDE preferences.
.TP
.B kpersonalizer --before-session
Run kpersonalizer before the first TDE session. 

.SH AUTHORS

Kpersonalizer was written by Ralf Nolden <nolden@kde.org>, Carsten Wolff <wolff@kde.org>, qwertz <kraftw@gmx.de>, and Bernhard Rosenkraenzer <bero@redhat.com>.
.PP
This  manual page was written by Joe Brockmeier <jzb@zonker.net>, for the Debian GNU/Linux project, but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
.BR khelpcenter (1)
